- [object shatters]
- [woman yells]
- [woman grunts]
- [silenced gunshots]
[thudding, clattering]
[woman grunts]
- [Helen groans, yells]
- [Kent panting]
- [Kent yells]
- [gunshot]
- [shot casing clatters]
- Ugh.
[sirens wailing]
[Williams panting]
["(You Don't Know) How Glad I Am" plays]
♪ My love has no beginning
My love has no end ♪
♪ No front or back
And my love won't bend ♪
♪ I'm in the middle... ♪
- [knocking on door]
- ♪ Lost in a spin... ♪
Uh, y-you're Eleanor?
Yeah, what if I am?
Uh, I'm... I'm Williams.
[music continues over stereo]
As... as in Kent and Williams?
[Eleanor] Ah, right, yeah.
What have you got all over yourself?
Th-That's Kent.
[chuckles] It's...
[both chuckle]
Sorry.
She said you'd been in touch, like,
uh, in... in the past,
look... looking for a partner?
Yeah, well, she had you,
so she wasn't interested, was she?
It's just...
I work better in a pair.
Someone to... watch your back
and... check your corners.
- It just makes sense, you know?
- Yeah.
Why were you looking for a partner?
I get lonely.
Oh.
Are you gonna come in, or what?
Yeah. Yeah.
♪ How glad I am ♪
♪ How glad I am... ♪
[pulsing music plays]
[Williams] Eleanor, do you wanna
fucking hurry up?
- [Eleanor] Hold on!
- [gun clicks]
- [Williams] Eleanor!
- [Eleanor] I'm trying to find it!
- But you put everything away!
- Yeah, sorry for wanting things tidy.
Ha-ha. Yeah. Not tidy, babe.
You're just shoving things in a cupboard.
And now I've gotta wade through
a ton of your shit just to get to my shit.
Ah, here she is.
[tense music plays]
[Helen] Fucking Reed.
Why would she do that?
[engine revs]
[tires screech]
[Cole] So what's the plan?
[Sam] The plan is to lose these guys
and then make a plan.
[tense music continues]
- What's going on?
- [Eleanor] We're about to be attacked.
- Wh-- What should I do?
- Well, just go and lie down in the bath.
- Should I run it?
- Oh my God, yeah.
Put bubbles in it.
Light some fucking candles.
No, just lie down and try not to get shot.
- Try not to get shot?
- Are you religious at all?
Not really.
Well, it might be a good time to dabble.
Have a chat with your man upstairs.
[breathes anxiously, grunts]
- [gunshot]
- [Kai-Ming screams]
- [glass shatters]
[Kai-Ming breathing heavily, grunts]
- [gunshots]
- [Kai-Ming breathes shakily]
- [Eleanor] What do you reckon?
- We're fucked. You?
When you came knocking on my door,
I should have told you to bugger off.
- [tense music continues]
- [tires screech]
[tires screeching]
[Sam] Shit.
[tires screech]
[tense music continues]
- [Sam] We have to get out.
- Get out?
Get out!
[Cole] You sure you wanna
leave that there? It's a nice car.
[Sam] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[tense music continues]
[shouting in Chinese]
- Come on!
- Shit.
[shouting in Chinese]
[music fades]
No one knows anyone completely, Wallace.
Not really.
[Wallace] Um...
- I shouldn't have said anything. Sorry.
- [Wallace] I know.
- I just don't want you to get hurt.
- No, I... I appreciate that.
But, um... my marriage is my business.
So, um, you... you...
you don't have to worry about it.
But I do.
Worry about you.
[cell phone buzzes]
[sighs] It's the prime minister.
You wanna talk to him?
- [Dani chuckles]
- [Wallace] Prime Minister.
Okay, I'm on my way.
Gotta go.
The new Chinese ambassador's here.
[tense music plays]
Excuse me.
[shouting in Chinese]
- [Helen] How do we get to Alex Clark now?
- [Cole] Easy. Get Trent Clark.
- [Helen] Really?
- As long as you got Kai-Ming, he'll come.
- Then you get to Alex.
- Williams is calling.
That sad fuck
is secretly in love with her.
It's Williams. Hey.
- [Williams] There's something up here.
- What? What's going on?
I mean, I think we're screwed
is what I mean.
Little calm-before-the-storm situation.
Barbarians at the gate, you know.
I think word got out
about us having Kai-Ming here.
- [chatter in Chinese]
- Ah, Lenny.
If they're with Kai-Ming,
then that's the Clarks after them,
and they are fucked.
[Helen] Williams, keep that girl alive.
Do you hear me?
- We gotta go. Go, go.
- Keep that girl alive!
[Sam] We're coming to you now.
[music fades]
[disconnect tone]
What'd they say?
- They agreed. We're fucked.
- Fantastic.
[explosions]
Look, Eleanor, I think it's best,
whatever happens,
it's every woman for herself.
Yeah? It's just how it is.
Business, right?
Stay cold, stay alive. Yeah.
- Right.
- Right. Yeah. Just business.
[thudding]
- [whoosh, explosion]
- [gasps]
- [Williams] They're coming in!
- [Eleanor shouts]
Hey! Hey!
Where to, mate?
Wherever you want, love,
but you'll be going there on foot.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey.
[tense music continues]
[man shouts in Chinese]
[man 1] Shit!
[man 2 groans]
Fuck.
[tense music continues]
[heavy gunfire]
- [explosion]
- [glass shatters]
[gunshots]
[Cole] Oh my fucking God. What's going on?
Oh shit!
- [explosion]
- Oh Jesus!
Jesus Christ!
- [Sam] We might be too late.
- [Cole] No. What the hell are you doing?
- [handbrake clacks]
- Please, dude.
Stay here.
- Going up to get them out.
- Christ.
- [tires screech]
- [Helen sighs]
[Cole] Fuck.
It's the Clarks.
[man shouts]
Have you got a gun?
Got a gun for me.
I don't have a gun for you.
[gunfire continues]
[Cole] Shit! We don't have long.
[tense music continues]
[music fades]
- [Wallace] Evening, John.
- Sir.
Ambassador Hang,
this is Wallace Webb, Defence Secretary,
Les Mullery,
Director General of the Secret Service,
Officer Perryman, also MI5,
and Mitch Porter, who you--
CIA Station Chief. Yes, I know.
Right. A few hours ago,
an attack was made on the US embassy.
A security guard was injured,
and a member of staff went missing.
The missing man is Cole Atwood.
You'll know him
as the person being falsely accused
of the murder of your predecessor.
Someone took him.
We know it was you.
It is very careless of you, Mr. Porter,
to lose one of your spies.
Atwood isn't a spy.
He's agency staff. He's a government aide.
He's a CIA operative.
Soon, everyone will know this.
We will make clear
that we view the actions
of the United States and Britain
as warmongering.
We've offered you
a way out of this situation
without an increase in tensions.
Ambassador, your proposal
that the United Kingdom award key parts
of its military supply contracts to you
is completely out of the question.
Then what do we get
for the murder of our ambassador?
An apology note?
He was killed on your soil,
Prime Minister.
Without compensation,
we'll have no other choice
than to retaliate.
[ominous music plays]
Gentlemen.
We should not... We shouldn't be here.
I mean, we should not fucking be here.
Don't the CIA train you
for this sort of thing?
- [crash]
- Oh my God.
Jesus Christ! Sam!
[gunfire]
[Sam] What is it with you
and fucking windows?
- [Cole] Come on. Get in, get in. Go.
- Get in!
- Where's Kai-Ming?
- They've got her.
- [Helen] Fuck!
- And Eleanor. Go! Go, go, go!
[tires screech]
[line ringing]
[prime minister] We need
that recording device.
Do you understand?
We need it.
[ominous music plays]
- [Helen] What happened?
- [Williams] They stormed us.
Coming from the windows,
from the roof, from the doors.
Coming in all over the place.
Like one of your special parties.
[Helen] Is Kai-Ming dead?
I don't know. She was in the bathroom,
and Eleanor went in to check on her.
So, uh, by the time I could check,
they were both gone.
Big hole in the wall.
Lots of blood. I-I-I don't know.
I think I might have been shot.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna
drop you outside a hospital.
You might as well
drop me outside a prison.
Well, we have to go somewhere.
[tense music plays]
Sam?
- [Sam] What?
- [Helen] Michael's?
- No.
- [Helen] Come on.
No way.
[music fades]
[doorbell rings]
[intercom beeps]
It's me.
[Michael] Hi.
[door buzzes]
[Williams groans]
[door opens]
- [door closes]
- [footsteps approach]
Michael.
Um...
- No. No. Absolutely not, Sam.
- [Sam] Please. Please.
- Can you take your shoes off, please? Yes.
- My shoes, yes.
- Can you take your shoes off?
- Yeah.
Shoes off.
I know that this is the last thing
you want, and I am so, so sorry.
[Michael] Who are they?
Um, that's Cole.
He's, um, a CIA agent.
A CIA agent?
Yeah. Well, TBC, actually.
He might be defecting.
It's not really clear.
- And the blonde girl is Williams.
- Right. And is she in the CIA?
No, she...
What? A triggerman? Woman?
Triggerman. It's gender non-specific.
When I said you could come, I didn't mean
bring the whole fucking rogues' gallery.
I know, I know, I know. And I am so sorry.
And when I got that message, I felt...
[man chatters on TV]
- [Sam sighs]
- What?
[man] According to reports,
a number of people...
Happy.
...were seen leaving the building
after the fire started.
And I'm...
- I wouldn't be here if I wasn't desperate.
- Oh, just what every boy wants to hear.
[Williams groans]
"Fireball engulfs London property.
Gunshots reported."
- [man] ...residential block.
- Is that you?
[chatter on TV continues]
No.
My daughter is asleep in the next room.
So whatever this is, it cannot be here.
You cannot bring it here.
- We weren't followed.
- [Williams groans]
I saw you in the newspaper a while back,
and I thought,
"Oh, look, there's that woman
who I saw murder someone in the street."
- "Isn't she doing well?"
- If I hadn't done that, you'd be dead.
Michael, I promise
that no one is coming here.
Your daughter is completely safe.
Think very carefully before you make
a promise to me that you can't keep.
[man] ...the blaze started,
and also some accounts...
I promise you,
your daughter's gonna be safe.
[Williams groans]
- Is she dying?
- No, don't worry about me. I'm grand.
We think she got shot,
but she's being very coy about it.
- I... I don't like to make a fuss.
- [Michael] Right, okay.
I saw once in a film
that someone put sanitary pads
on a gunshot wound for the blood. I...
[man] ...seen increased violence
across the city.
My friend Faz stayed over last week
and left some.
Just get me some bandages
and hot water for now,
but if I do get the strong urge
to suture myself with a fanny pad,
I'll let you know.
- [cell phone buzzes]
- Okay.
[cell phone buzzing]
It's the Clarks.
- [buzzing ends]
- [chatter on TV continues]
- [man 2] We have your friends.
- [Eleanor] Hello!
[man 2] They are currently alive,
but that situation
is liable to change at any time.
[Helen] What do you want?
[man 2] What we've been wanting
from the start.
A digital recording device taken
from the ambassador's daughter's flat...
- [Eleanor] Such a bastard.
- ...on the night that he died.
- [water running]
- [Helen] I've told you, I don't have it.
[man 2] I'm afraid we just don't know
if you are someone we can trust.
In order to put our minds at ease,
if you haven't handed it over
by midday tomorrow,
we will kill all of your friends
in ways so absurdly cruel
that the manner of their passing
will haunt you until your own dying day.
We do not have your fucking recorder.
[man 2] Well, we'll know
for sure by tomorrow.
Bring it to 177 Park Walk, Borough Market.
Hand it over to one of my associates,
and your friends will walk away unscathed.
We look forward
to putting this whole thing to bed,
whatever the outcome, Helen Webb.
- [line clicks]
- [tense music plays]
Do you have any idea
where this fucking recorder is?
Okay, we know
that it's not in Jason's apartment.
I mean, we can assume that
it's not in Maggie and Phillip's either,
but they've hidden it somewhere.
We'd have to go back
and retrace their steps,
but where would you even start?
[Helen] We are not gonna find this device
in time for tomorrow.
Unless I can get in a room
with Alex Clark,
they'll kill Kai-Ming and Eleanor,
and I will never find out
the truth about Jason.
We need to get her to that meeting.
Cole, is there any way
that you can get to Trent?
Not to, like,
make it all about me, but, um,
what's in it for me?
Okay, um,
I am going to do my very best
to stop the people that I work for
from hurting your family,
but I do think
there's one thing you need to consider.
If you can't get us Trent,
then we don't need you.
And if we don't need you,
then I'm gonna get Sam here
to march you to Hampstead Heath
and shoot you in the back of the head.
[Williams chuckles]
- Is that true?
- [Williams grunts]
[man 1 on TV] Now, all eyes remain
on Soho, as Londoners are...
[sighs] It would probably
be Richmond Park,
but just find the fucking guy, okay?
[Williams chuckles weakly]
- [door slams]
- [Williams chuckles]
- [knocking on door]
- Who is it?
[door closes]
All right?
He's never gonna talk to me again
after tonight, is he?
You told him what you do?
Yeah.
[softly] I told Jason.
- Helen.
- I know, I know. I...
- [Sam] What did you tell him?
- Oh, I kept it vague.
- [Sam] Vague?
- Opaque, you know? I to...
I told him
that I wasn't who he thought I was
and that Helen Webb didn't exist.
That doesn't sound that opaque.
[somber music playing]
I...
I told him what I needed to tell him.
That you work for an organization
that steals secrets from the government
that he works for?
Yes.
[Sam] And what did he say?
How did he react?
[somber music lifts]
- [thunder rumbling]
- [rain pattering]
[music brightens]
[Helen] He said that
he loved me,
and... nothing I could say
would change that.
[somber music continues]
That's a nice reaction.
Yeah.
He was dead a week later.
I have to find out why.
And I have to find out who he was.
[cell phone buzzing]
Oh shit. Marie. Sorry, it's my nanny.
Give me a second.
Hi, Marie. Is everything okay?
[pensive music plays]
[music fades]
Sam. Uh, Wallace isn't home.
The kids are... I... I've gotta go.
You do what you have to do.
Listen. Find Trent.
Right? He's the only leverage
we've got to get to Alex Clark.
- Got it.
- [Helen] Reed will be on the warpath.
So watch Cole.
[Sam] Will do.
- [Marie] Bye!
- [Wallace] Merry Christmas.
[Oli] Merry Christmas, Marie!
Oh God, Marie. I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
- Thought Wallace would be back hours ago.
- [Marie] Honestly, don't worry about it.
[Helen] God.
- They're all in the kitchen.
- Okay.
Kids said something
about a Christmas pudding.
Oh fuck. Yeah, no.
Yeah, God, that was today.
- Thank you. You're an angel.
- [Marie] No problem.
He seemed a little distracted.
I hope everything's okay.
- Yeah, everything's fine. Thank you.
- [Marie] Okay.
- Happy Christmas. Bye.
[sighs]
- [Christmas music playing]
- [Wallace chatters]
- Have we put in the orange?
- Yes.
- Sultanas?
- Lemon. We haven't put the lemon in.
- Hi! Hey, guys.
- [Jacqueline] Hi!
- [Helen] Hello! What are you doing?
- We're making the pudding.
- Oh wow.
- You have to make your Christmas wish.
- [Helen] I'm in time?
- Just in time.
- You have to think it. You can't say it.
Okay. Right, yes. It's got to be a secret.
Okay. Hi.
There you go. Hello, hello.
Where've you been?
I was doing the Christmas shopping.
Where were you?
Oh, we had a big problem
at the US embassy earlier, so...
Go on, squeeze it.
Oh, okay.
Well, that beats my shopping excuse.
Is everything okay? That sounds serious.
No, we had to have
a big emergency meeting.
I thought you were here, so, um...
Mum, make the wish.
- [Oli] You have to stir it.
- [Helen] Right, I'm stirring it.
- And also, you have to close your eyes.
- Close my eyes. Okay.
[Jacqueline] Doesn't it
just look so yummy?
- [Helen] Can I tell you a secret?
- [Jason] You can tell me anything.
[Helen] You might not
like me as much after.
Have you ever heard of a Black Dove?
Did you do it?
[chuckles] Right.
Right, guys. It is incredibly late.
It's time to get ready for bed.
- Would you, uh...
- But what did you wish for?
Well, I'm not gonna tell you.
It's a secret.
Get ready for bed,
and I will be up there in a minute.
- [Wallace] Okay.
- [Oli] Stop!
- ♪ Here it is, Merry Christmas ♪
- [Jacqueline] Not on the bed.
♪ Everybody's having fun ♪
♪ Look to the future now ♪
♪ It's only just begun... ♪
- [clatter]
- [fridge door slams]
So, what happened at the embassy?
What's going on?
[music continues in background]
What did you buy?
What?
- The Christmas shopping.
- [Helen] Well, it was, um...
It was a present for you,
so I can't tell you. [chuckles awkwardly]
What's going on?
You ever think about
that first night we met?
- Yeah, sometimes.
- [Wallace] I do, quite often.
I think about it quite a lot.
I play it around in my head.
[unsettling music plays]
I think about you getting up
and getting dressed and... leaving
and walking to the lift.
How far out of the hotel did you go?
[scoffs]
- What does it matter?
- [Wallace] 'Cause it matters.
- I wanna know what you were thinking.
- [Helen] What was I thinking?
Oh, you know, I was probably thinking, um,
"I don't have money for a cab,
and it's 3:00 a.m."
- Yeah?
- [Helen] Yeah.
No, I was...
I was thinking that I...
I didn't want to go, actually.
I wanted to stay.
[shakily] Are you happy?
Like, with me? And with us?
Wow. Yes, Wallace. What's going on?
I know there are... lots of ways
that I probably disappoint you.
- You do not disappoint me.
- [Wallace] Oh, come on.
That's the mistake you always make.
You always do that.
You insist that there are no problems,
but no one's flawless, Hels.
No one knows
everything about someone, do they?
You're always acting
as though everything's perfect,
as though we're perfect, but
that's a lie, isn't it?
It's an impossible lie.
So who are you telling that to?
Me? You? Or...?
[somber organ music plays]
It's just the way I feel. [sighs]
Anything you want to tell me?
Like what?
Just anything?
No.
Look,
I don't think you're perfect,
believe me,
and I do not think
that we are perfect, but
I'm... I'm trying to be supportive.
- I'm... I'm trying to make things nice.
- [knocking on door]
[sighs]
Are you expecting someone?
No.
- [Wallace] Perryman.
- [Perryman] Defence Secretary.
I'm sorry,
would it be possible to come in?
- [Wallace] Come in.
- [Perryman] Thank you.
- [Wallace] Everything all right?
- [Perryman] Is it through here?
[Wallace] Go through, yeah.
- [Helen] Hi. Hello.
- Good evening.
Sorry, this is Helen, my wife.
Helen, this is Officer Perryman.
He's with MI5.
- Forgive me for the intrusion, Mrs. Webb.
- [Helen] Not at all.
What can I help you with?
It's Mrs. Webb that we wanted to speak to.
Um, nothing to be alarmed about.
Nothing at all. Um, I don't know
if you've spoken to Mrs. Webb about...
[Wallace] I've told her
a bit about the embassy.
Right. Well, then I'm sure
you can guess why I'm here, Helen.
Oh my God. I was there.
- [Perryman] Yeah.
- Were you?
Yeah. Sorry.
It completely slipped my mind.
We were doing the Christmas pudding
and the nanny...
- Yes, I was there this afternoon.
- At the embassy today?
Yeah, I was visiting lovely Vanessa.
You remember? She's--
She said that she checked you in at 4:43.
We've checked the visitor's log for that.
You were having a cup of coffee,
and then that was cut short
when she took a phone call,
and the phone call
was from an untraceable number,
but apparently, it was something
about, um, a security detail for her?
Right. We--
I mean, she didn't say what it was about.
[Perryman] Then the building's
alarm system went off, and then you left?
Yeah, yeah.
What was the reason
for the visit to Ms. Robinson?
Well, we were just...
- Sorry, am I in sort of--
- [Perryman] God, no. Forgive me.
Um, it's just that obviously your name
has, uh, set off a flag somewhere,
so I thought that I'd pop down
and make a house call.
You know, very relaxed,
no stress, friendly face.
- Dot the i's, you know?
- [Wallace] Sure.
Yeah, I... I... I don't think I saw anything
that would be helpful. I'm so sorry.
- Right, of course. No problem.
- [Jacqueline] Mum!
- Oh, I need to...
- [Perryman] Of course.
- Is that all right?
Apologies again for the intrusion.
- [Oli] Mum!
- [Helen] Oh sure.
- [Perryman] Merry Christmas.
- And you. Thanks.
[somber organ music continues]
- I'll show you out. Thanks for coming.
- [Perryman] Yeah, sorry about that.
- No, you've got to do what you've...
- Good to get it done.
Sure we'll get to the bottom of it. Okay?
See you soon.
[Helen] "Stick Man is lonely.
Stick Man is lost."
"Stick Man is frozen
and covered in frost."
"Stick Man is weary.
His eyes start to close."
"He stretches and yawns
and lies down for a doze."
[cell phone buzzing]
[Helen] Wallace, uh...
Gotta go out. Sorry.
- I need to pick up a... a present.
- It's okay. It's fine.
[breathes deeply]
Uh, the kids are asleep.
I love you.
I always have.
Hopelessly.
Since the night we met in that hotel.
Since you came back.
I was just so fucking relieved
that you did.
[gentle music plays]
And I know I'm not a complicated man,
Helen. I know that.
And I know that's not
an attractive quality for you.
But I love you.
And I love our home
and our kids and our life.
I love it.
And you fight for what you love,
don't you?
[gentle music continues]
[inhales deeply]
[clicks tongue]
I won't be late.
[music fades]
["We Wish You a Merry Christmas" plays]
[shoppers chattering indistinctly]
[Christmas music continues]
I've been trying to work out
why you would do what you did tonight.
If you wanted to threaten Cole Atwood,
why didn't you just tell me?
Some of us get harder as we get older,
and some of us get soft.
You think I've gone soft?
I think you feel more comfortable
with the carrot than the stick.
[Helen scoffs]
[inhales sharply]
So you're working for the Chinese?
We are working for the highest bidder,
as we always do.
An MI5 agent came to my house just now.
He was asking
what I was doing at the embassy.
I'm risking everything for you.
I have been risking everything for years.
You still can't be honest with me.
And now I think
Wallace suspects something.
- You need to hand Cole over.
- [Helen] Why should I?
Look, the Chinese
have gotten themselves into a corner.
They've made threats,
and if they don't get what they want,
they might have to start
going through with them,
which, believe me...
we do not want to happen.
What can you tell me
about an organization called the Clarks?
It's a criminal conglomerate.
Started out here,
expanded internationally.
Aspirations of legitimacy.
City trader pockets,
Mexican cartel body count.
Yes, they're a nasty bunch.
Never really dealt with them.
They killed Jason
and Maggie, and Phillip,
and Commissioner Yarrick,
and quite possibly
the Chinese ambassador as well.
- Busy week for them.
- Mm.
They're the ones
looking for this recording device.
We think that it shows
who killed Ambassador Chen.
Do you know where it is?
And I suppose if I did,
you'd want me to give it to you.
Yes, of course I bloody would.
- What are you gonna do about the Clarks?
- [Reed] Christ. I'll make some calls.
- You'll make some calls?
- If you start cooperating, yes.
- Not good enough.
- [Reed] It's gonna have to be.
They murdered Jason.
They sent a man to my house.
- He threatened my children.
- And you killed him.
And I'm going to kill
the people who sent him.
Will you listen to me?
Will you just, for once,
actually use your ears
and your brain and listen
to what I'm trying to tell you?
You cannot take down
an organization like the Clarks.
You may as well try and take down
Mossad or HSBC or McDonald's.
The people at the top
are too well-insulated.
I looked into Jason, you know.
And?
He just had a boring,
easily traceable life
that raised no red flags.
Right up until he got mixed up
in the murder of a Chinese diplomat.
- [somber music plays]
- What are you trying to say?
I'm saying, I don't think
MI5 are making house calls
to everyone that happened to be
in the embassy today.
Perhaps Jason Davies
was not someone worth avenging,
certainly not someone worth dying for.
[Helen breathes shakily]
What did Jason know about you, Helen?
I already told you. Nothing.
There are many rules in the Black Doves.
But there is one above all others
that cannot be broken.
The rule that we maintain the sanctity
and secrecy of our organization.
The breaking of that rule is not punished
by banishment or expulsion.
It is punished by death.
Now, you are going to
hand over Cole Atwood to me
at 6:30 tomorrow morning
on the Albert Embankment.
And then you're going to go back
to doing what you do best,
Helen Webb, wife and mother.
And if you can't do that,
and I'm certainly starting to worry
that you can't,
then our arrangement
becomes null and void.
Do you remember our first conversation?
I still know all the exits.
I still have a plan.
And my hand is still a fist in my pocket,
ready to swing.
[somber music continues]
There aren't always exits, Helen.
[Cole] Yes, I've tried that.
Okay, thanks anyway.
- No one's seen him for days.
- Call someone else.
- I am trying, okay?
- Yes, you're very fucking trying.
It's pain medication. They're out of date,
but it's better than nothing.
Yeah, no, uh, this is... this is perfect.
- [Sam] Oh fuck.
- What?
[man on TV] How serious
are these allegations?
[woman on TV] Well,
they're incredibly serious allegations.
The Chinese government
essentially accusing the Americans
of a covert operation against them.
The implication is that China believe
that an American agent
has played a part in the murder
of their ambassador to Great Britain.
Now, what this means in terms
of international law is as yet unclear,
but what we do know
is that all eyes will be
both on Washington and on Downing Street
to see the reactions...
Yeah. Yeah, that's... that's me.
That's great. I'm on TV.
I mean, you know what that is?
That is the shit cherry
on a fucking shitty little icing
on just a big fucking cake of shit.
- Don't think about it. Call Trent again.
- I am trying. He has blocked me.
[Williams] So, what are we doing?
We have nothing.
What's Little Miss Superspy doing?
Putting her children to bed
while World War III breaks out,
and Kai-Ming and Eleanor
wait to be skinned alive?
What's she gonna do
when they're being tortured?
Decorate her fucking tree?
Can you keep it down?
My daughter's trying to sleep.
- Oh, fuck her!
- [Sam exclaims]
- That is enough.
- [Williams groans]
She needs a doctor.
Not that I'm complaining if you die.
- Fuck's sake!
- I'm fine.
No, you're not fine.
None of you are fine. You need to leave.
[Williams groans]
Brilliant. Thank you very much.
- Sam, I'm... I'm in pain.
- I'm gonna go and talk to him.
You, just... change her dressing.
- [Williams sighs]
- What? I'm... I'm sorry. How is that my job?
[exhales deeply]
[knocking on door]
You okay?
We just need to stay one night.
We'll be gone before Ruby even wakes up.
What time do you think
four-year-olds wake up?
I have absolutely no idea.
[scoffs softly]
Oh, I found
something.
You left them in the car.
[soft, poignant music plays]
[Michael chuckles]
Must've been from
when we drove to the sea.
Yeah.
That was a nice weekend.
Yeah, it was.
[soft, poignant music continues]
[Williams, slurring] That was
the last thing I said to Eleanor.
I told her it was just business.
Me and her.
Just business.
[soft, poignant music continues]
[chuckles softly]
I've a knack for saying
the wrong thing to people
right before
I'm never gonna see them again.
'Cause I get lonely too, you know.
And she's my partner.
[sighs]
It can't be just business.
Not with the cost of it all.
[soft, poignant music continues]
[sighs softly]
[music fades]
The man I thought you were back then,
the man I loved...
I'd like to believe
that some of that was real.
That you could still be that,
if you wanted it to be.
But you'd have to show me.
You'd have to.
I mean, do you actually want this?
- [inhales]
- [cell phone buzzes]
- I'm so--
- [buzzing]
Fuck.
Just... Sorry, one minute.
[cell phone continues buzzing]
Mrs. Reed?
[Reed] Samuel, I think it's best
for all parties concerned
if we skip past
the unfortunate events of this evening.
I need you to do one final job for me.
- Kill Alex Clark.
- I can't.
This is what I brought you back for,
to sort this,
to put an end to it once and for all.
I appreciate Helen wants answers,
but she's got too close
to something too big.
She needs to be protected.
The Black Doves need to be protected.
And that should be your only concern.
So I'm giving you an address
where you will go alone to finish it.
And this whole saga can be put to bed.
Do we have a deal?
Sam?
- [Sam] Yes.
- [Reed] Excellent.
I'll send you the address now.
And one last thing.
If I'm to convince
the Chinese and the Americans
to take their fingers off
their big red buttons,
I need Cole Atwood.
He's part of the deal.
Non-negotiable.
Send me the address.
[foreboding music plays]
Williams. Williams.
Where's Cole? Where did he go?
I don't...
I need him! This is very import--
[cell phone buzzes]
Fucking hell.
[music fades]
I have to go.
This is the last one.
After this, it's over.
[Sam sighs]
I'll come back.
We can talk.
We'll be alone. We'll have the time.
I'll show you who I really am. I promise.
Oh, and, uh,
to answer your question, yes.
I really do want this.
[gentle, pensive music plays]
[music continues]
[Helen sighs]
[door opens quietly]
[music continues]
[music intensifies slowly]
[music abates]
- [gun clicks]
- [Sam gasps]
[music fades out]
[woman] Did you come here to kill me?
Are you Alex Clark?
[Alex] Yes.
Then, yes, I came here to kill you.
[Alex] We make plans and God laughs.
[thud]
[gulls calling]
[Reed] Come on, Helen.
[foreboding music plays]
They're not coming.
They can't be trusted anymore.
She can't be trusted.
You know this.
Okay.
[foreboding music continues]
[music fades out]
[Helen] What is it?
[Jason] Something to remind you
that the truth doesn't scare me.
Fuck.
[dramatic electronic music plays]
- [breathes heavily]
- [trills, whirs]
[Reed] Phillip was a tabloid reporter.
Maggie worked as
an assistant in a jewelry shop.
[dramatic music continues]
[carolers] ♪ Peace on Earth
And mercy mild ♪
♪ God and sinners... ♪
[dramatic music continues]
♪ Joyful all ye nations rise ♪
♪ Join the triumph of the skies ♪
- ♪ With the angelic host... ♪
- [dramatic music fades]
[door chime jingles]
- Good morning, madam.
- [Helen] Hello.
I'm looking for a ring that's similar
to the one I've already got.
- May I?
- [Helen] Yeah.
Ah.
[man gasps]
Sorry.
[intriguing music plays]
[lock clicks]
[tense music plays]
[device clicks]
[device whirring]
- [trill]
- [bolt clangs]
[tense music continues]
Come on, come on, come on.
[ominous whooshing]
[intriguing music plays]
The item they are looking for
is a small, black pinhole video camera.
I think I might be... in trouble.
[Reed] Perhaps Jason Davies
was not someone worth avenging.
Certainly not someone worth dying for.
[foreboding music plays]
[Helen sighs]
[chuckles softly]
[music fades]
[Helen exhales]
Just popped in for some last-minute bits.
You know how it is.
You found it.
- That's good news.
- [Helen scoffs]
Okay. I mean,
this is probably for the best, isn't it?
I was worried we were gonna
have to dance around it for a bit longer.
God, that would have been tedious,
wouldn't it? [chuckles]
You see, if I had any, um, criticism,
it would be that
I think you move too quick.
- [Dani] You think so?
- Yeah.
You know, text messages,
coming to the house. It all seemed a bit...
What?
Desperate, I suppose.
Desperate?
Mm.
[chuckles]
Reed given you the go-ahead,
then, has she?
Let me off the leash, so to speak.
Doesn't trust you anymore.
It's a bit of a theme, I'm afraid.
I let slip to Wallace about your affair.
Poor man.
He's certainly gonna need
a shoulder to cry on.
Right.
[chuckles] You can help me out, actually.
Is there anything I should know about him?
Things he likes, etc.?
I just want to be the best I can be
once I'm in.
And the kids.
[suspenseful music plays]
I mean, I'm not the biggest fan, honestly,
but it's part of the job, isn't it?
Jacqueline likes dinosaurs, doesn't she?
Or is that Oli?
Oh, well.
We'll muddle through.
Jacqueline does like dinosaurs.
Oli likes spaceships.
[shutter whirs]
You're never gonna need
to know about that.
'Cause I'm gonna break your fucking neck.
[knife clicks]
Can I just say, before we do this,
I'm genuinely a huge fan.
- [chuckles softly]
- I mean, look.
I actually got goose bumps.
[tense music building]
- [music stops]
- [clatter]
[grunting]
[Helen groans]
[Helen grunts]
[Dani chokes]
[Dani grunts]
[Helen yells]
[Dani gasping]
[both breathing heavily]
- Are you gonna kill me?
- You gonna talk about my children again?
- No.
- Well, that's very wise.
You know I'm not going to kill you.
Because I'm still Helen Webb,
and Helen Webb doesn't stab girls to death
in jewelry stores on Christmas Eve.
That's my gift to both of us.
Now, when you see Reed, you tell her
that if she wants to replace me,
she better come and do it face-to-face.
- [brooding music plays]
- [shards clinking]
Unless you want to do this again.
[exhales]
[car lock beeps]
[foreboding music plays]
Hi, um, Kai-Ming texted me, and she said--
- I sent the text.
- [man] Why?
- [Chen] I know what you give my daughter.
- Don't give her anything she doesn't want.
[Chen] She doesn't know what she wants.
She's an addict!
I know you.
I know who you are, Trent Clark.
If I see you ever again,
I will kill you!
[foreboding music plays]
[Trent breathing shakily]
Fucking hell.
Oh fuck. Fucking hell.
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
[foreboding music continues]
[video whizzing]
[breathes anxiously]
Mum, yeah, hi, it's me. Yeah.
Um, I...
I messed up.
I've really, really messed up.
[video whizzing]
[Stephen] We're gonna have to
make some calls.
Scratch that CCTV outside the building.
Fucking hell. [sighs]
Make it look like an overdose.
I have to phone the prime minister.
He'll be fucking furious.
[tense music plays]
I have to phone the prime minister.
He'll be fucking furious.
Fucking hell.
[phone line rings]
- Hi, it's Helen. Leave me a message.
- [voicemail beeps]
[Reed] Helen, I understand
you have the recording device.
[tense music plays]
Perhaps now you're beginning to appreciate
the magnitude of the situation
we all find ourselves in.
We're standing on a precipice.
But there's time to step back from it
if you do the right thing.
You're still a Black Dove.
And you work for me.
Don't forget that.
[tense music swells]
♪ I was five and he was six ♪
♪ We rode on horses made of sticks ♪
♪ He wore black and I wore white ♪
♪ He would always win the fight ♪
♪ Bang, bang ♪
♪ My baby shot me down ♪
[haunting female vocalizing]
[music fades]